Feature/changelog (#193)
unit8co/darts: README.md

4. Create a clean python env and install requirements with pip: `pip install -r requirements/main.txt -r requirements/dev.txt -r requirements/release.txt`
5. Create a new branch with your fix / feature from the **develop** branch.
6. Check that your code pass the tests / design new unit tests: `python -m unittest`.
7. Verify your tests coverage by running `./gradlew coverageTest`

>     * Additionaly you can generate xml report and use VSCode Coverage gutter to identify untested lines with `./coverage.sh xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Additionally, you can generate an xml report and use VSCode Coverage gutter to identify untested lines with `./coverage.sh xml`
```

5. Create a new branch with your fix / feature from the **develop** branch.
6. Check that your code pass the tests / design new unit tests: `python -m unittest`.

> 7. Verify your tests coverage with `./coverage.sh` (additionaly you can generate xml report and use VSCode Coverage gutter to identify untested lines with `./coverage.sh xml`).

Author: Shouldn't we change that to encourage using `./gradlew coverageTest` instead ?

Reviewer 2: +1
